fix: Select All should only select selectable items (#878)
demos-europe/demosplan-ui: CHANGELOG.md

## UNRELEASED

### Changed

> - ([#878](https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/878)) BREAKING: Prevent "select all" in DpDataTable to select "locked" items. Before all items per page where selected, independed of the the lock state ([@salisdemos](https://github.com/salisdemos))

Author: ```suggestion
- ([#878](https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/878)) BREAKING: Prevent "select all" in DpDataTable from selecting "locked" items. Before, all items per page were selected, independent of the lock state ([@salisdemos](https://github.com/salisdemos))
```

### Changed

> - ([#878](https://github.com/demos-europe/demosplan-ui/pull/878)) BREAKING: Prevent "select all" in DpDataTable to select "locked" items. Before all items per page where selected, independed of the the lock state ([@salisdemos](https://github.com/salisdemos))

Reviewer: this should go into the "unreleased" section.

Author: omg. thanks!

Author: d9cc57c50bca011703470b9b5bef024ab53a9e37
